README.md, before:

# BUCKET LIST by JinH

- 실행 페이지: http://admin0.github.io/bucket/
- 블로그: [http://jinh.tistory.com/](http://jinh.tistory.com/category/%EA%B8%B0%EB%A1%9D%20%2396:%204th%20Project)

맘대로 갖다 쓰셈. 님들의 영혼을 양껏 살찌우셈. 그럼 난 만족함.



## UPDATE LOG

##### 2016.07. ver.3.1
- 설정에 다채로운 기능들과 디자인을 추가.
- .js 함수 개선을 통한 디자인 최적화.

##### 2016.06. ver.3.0
- 개쩜. 디자인으로만 보연 한 반년쯤은 손댈곳이 없을 듯.
- 퍼가기 기능 만듦.
- 네비게이션 제목의 색이 스크롤 위치에 따라 아름답게 변함.
- [재귀함수] 항목을 실제 재귀함수로 구현.

##### 2016.05. ver.2.9
- 이정도면 남한테 보여줘도 안 부끄럽지.
- 머티리얼 스낵바 스타일 안내창 만듦.
- 설정 기능 만듦.
- 발적화율을 줄임.
- 파비콘 등등 추가.

##### 2016.05. ver.2.8
- 우와 정말 데단해!

##### 2016.05. ver.2.5
- 약간 머티리얼 디자인스럽게.

##### 2016.05. ver.2.0
- 그동안 달성한 거 체크박스 채우고, 디자인을 갈고닦음.

##### 2014.10. ver.1.0
- 카드 형식의 플립 디자인의 버킷리스트 페이지를 만듦.




## Open Source License

#### [Material icons](https://design.google.com/icons/)

[CC-BY license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
Copyright © Google Inc.

#### [Masonry](http://masonry.desandro.com)

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright © 2016 David DeSandro

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

#### [-prefix-free](https://leaverou.github.io/prefixfree/)

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright © Lea Verou

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

update for copy to clipboard

README.md, after:

# BUCKET LIST by JinH

- 실행 페이지: http://admin0.github.io/bucket/
- 블로그: [http://jinh.tistory.com/](http://jinh.tistory.com/category/%EA%B8%B0%EB%A1%9D%20%2396:%204th%20Project)

맘대로 갖다 쓰셈. 님들의 영혼을 양껏 살찌우셈. 그럼 난 만족함.



## UPDATE LOG

##### 2017.03. ver.3.2
- 퍼가기 코드를 자동 복붙 가능하게 만듦. ([clipboard.js](https://clipboardjs.com/))
- 항목들을 대거 추가.
- 시급 6,600 원 받고 일하고 있음(정규직ㅎ). (현 최저시급 6,470 원)

##### 2016.07. ver.3.1
- 설정에 다채로운 기능들과 디자인을 추가.
- .js 함수 개선을 통한 디자인 최적화.

##### 2016.06. ver.3.0
- 개쩜. 디자인으로만 보연 한 반년쯤은 손댈곳이 없을 듯.
- 퍼가기 기능 만듦.
- 네비게이션 제목의 색이 스크롤 위치에 따라 아름답게 변함.
- [재귀함수] 항목을 실제 재귀함수로 구현.

##### 2016.05. ver.2.9
- 이정도면 남한테 보여줘도 안 부끄럽지.
- 머티리얼 스낵바 스타일 안내창 만듦.
- 설정 기능 만듦.
- 발적화율을 줄임.
- 파비콘 등등 추가.

##### 2016.05. ver.2.8
- 우와 정말 데단해!

##### 2016.05. ver.2.5
- 약간 머티리얼 디자인스럽게.

##### 2016.05. ver.2.0
- 그동안 달성한 거 체크박스 채우고, 디자인을 갈고닦음.

##### 2014.10. ver.1.0
- 카드 형식의 플립 디자인의 버킷리스트 페이지를 만듦.




## Open Source License

#### [Material icons](https://design.google.com/icons/)

[CC-BY license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
Copyright © Google Inc.

#### [Masonry](http://masonry.desandro.com)

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright © 2016 David DeSandro

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

#### [clipboard.js](https://clipboardjs.com/)

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright © 2017 Zeno Rocha <hi@zenorocha.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

#### [-prefix-free](https://leaverou.github.io/prefixfree/)

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright © Lea Verou

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
